One of the most common techniques for
understanding the relationship between two variables in regression,
is the correlation coefficient you saw earlier.
This part of the output provides a bunch of additional measures,
that are useful for understanding how well our line fits through the data.
One of the most common measures is this value here called the R squared value.
Essentially, the closer this value is to 1,
the better our model fits.
And the closer the value is to zero,
the worse the model fits.
This value is actually just the square of the correlation coefficient. Hence the name.
You will often hear the interpretation of the R-squared value,
as the amount of variability in
the response that can be explained by your explanatory variable.
So here, we can say that 67.8% of the variability in price,
is explained by the area of the house.
The remaining 33% of the variability,
is due to characteristics of the home that are not the area.
In the next lesson,
you will learn why using this value directly from the output, can be misleading.